While it's Labor Day
weekend, the traditional kickoff
to the home stretch
of the presidential campaign.
Here with me
now is the Democratic Senate
candidate from California, Congressman
Adam Schiff.
I want to talk to you
about the campaign in one minute.
But first,
you are in Oakland, California right now.
That is where the Goldberg poll
and family is originally from.
And I want to get your reaction
to the murder
of Israeli American hostage Hirsh
Goldberg.
Poland and five others.
Well,
when I heard the news last night,
I felt sick.
I am just absolutely heartbroken.
for Hirsch's family,
for the families of these other hostages
that were
butchered by these Hamas terrorists.
And,
it just,
is hard to wrap your head around.
I think we all came to know,
Hirsch, through his family, and,
and it's just it's just devastating.
and these,
sons of bitches who did this,
ought to be hunted down
and brought to justice,
no matter how long that takes.
I hope and pray.
I think, as we all do, that
there's a negotiated end to this war.
And soon, and that not another,
innocent person loses their life.
and I just can't imagine how
his family must feel right now.
I mean, you just heard the new tras,
whose son,
Omar, is also in captivity called
not just on Prime Minister Netanyahu,
but President Biden
multiple times to do more to get,
these hostages,
particularly Americans, home.
I mean, I asked her about a prayer
that she says every day,
and she she's clearly done with prayers.
She's frustrated, understandably.
I'm hearing anecdotally
for people from people saying,
this is the United States of America
and the fact that
the American
president and
American administration
can't get
American citizens held
in these conditions
back is very frustrating.
And a little bit,
they're flabbergasted by it.
How can the Biden administration
answer those frustrations right now?
Well, first of all,
I think the parents of the hostages
are doing exactly
what they should be doing,
exactly what I would be doing,
in their shoes.
as difficult
as it is
to imagine the horror of
standing where they're standing,
and that is,
pleading,
advocating, doing everything
possible to get Israeli government
to agree to,
an end to the war
that that releases
their family members
and also, call upon the president
and vice president
to do everything they can.
And I think they are.
I think President Biden
and Vice President Harris
are turning over every stone
in their efforts
to secure the release of the hostages
and protect the lives of the hostages
and achieve a ceasefire.
I don't think they go a waking moment
without focusing on this, where,
you know, we're not putting boots
on the ground,
in these tunnels under Gaza.
So it is a very difficult, situation
in terms of our own ability
to rescue these hostages.
But I
really, sincerely believe
the administration
is doing everything possible.
and, and is committed,
not only to an end to the war
in which the threat from Hamas
is eliminated,
in which we
we are on a path at some point
and I pray soon to a regional,
and two state solution
that,
achieves a lasting peace in the region.
But I really believe they're
doing all they possibly can.
Congressman, I want to turn
back, domestically
to the presidential race,
which is 65 days away.
Election day is,
I want you to listen to how Vice
President
Harris answered my question
this week
about a key issue in the campaign.
In 2019, you said, quote,
there is no question I'm
in favor of banning fracking.
Fracking, as you know,
is a pretty big issue,
particularly in
your must win state of Pennsylvania.
Do you still want to ban fracking?
No, and I made
that clear on the debate stage in 2020
that I would not ban fracking
as vice president.
I did not ban fracking as president.
I will not ban fracking.
You're a co-sponsor of a House bill
right now that would ban fracking.
Are you disappointed
that she supports it now?
well, look, you know, I
favor banning fracking.
And I strongly believe that,
the the pathway to, attacking
climate change is to,
wean ourselves off of fossil fuels.
but, look, I'm
not the vice president United States.
And I do think that
when you are
representing the whole country,
you have a different perspective.
as the vice president pointed out,
her values, though,
have remained consistent.
And that is she is a champion of,
moving ourselves
in the renewable energy direction.
her role in passing the Inflation
Reduction Act,
the most aggressive attack
on climate change in our history,
I think, speaks for itself.
But, but, look, let's, let's compare,
a situation
where,
someone changed their position
four years ago
to Donald Trump,
who's changed his position
four times on abortion
in the last 48 hours.
that, to me,
is, you know, a
much more significant question,
particularly as
when you're talking about abortion,
and you're talking about a, right.
And freedom of the American people
to be so pandering,
wishy washy, flip flopping,
you know, so,
disrespect for the rights and freedoms
of millions of American women,
and do all that in a single day.
that's the contrast here.
and what's more, Dana,
that's a values issue.
That's a values issue.
when on something
like the right to an abortion,
you flip flop, every 15 minutes,
that shows essentially he has no values.
Congressman, special counsel Jack Smith
filed a new indictment
against Donald Trump this week
for election interference,
even after the Supreme Court
ruling on immunity.
And it comes as two
pro-Trump organizations
are slated to hold a January 6th
awards gala at Trump National Golf
Club in Bedminster
to pay tribute to all six defendants.
Now, Trump has been invited to speak.
Organizers say he hasn't ruled it out.
What's your response
to the fact that he's,
whether he goes or not,
that he's allowing his property
to be used for this event?
Well, first of all,
the Justice Department
is exactly right
to be refiling these charges,
after that,
just absurdly
dangerous Supreme Court decision,
attempted to give immunity
to a president to commit crimes
while they were in office.
so he's right to refile these charges.
but for, the president to allow,
you know, this event
to go forward,
celebrating these people who beat
who gas to bear sprayed, who.
we're responsible
for the deaths of police officers
who essentially try to interfere
with the,
peaceful transfer of power
the first time in our history,
shows you that for Donald Trump,
he could,
you know,
give a damn about the country,
about the Constitution,
about the oath of office.
It's only about him.
And to glorify these people.
also is a green light
to further violence.
Should he lose the upcoming election?
so just another dangerous disrespect.
Full, acquiescence
in lawlessness by Donald Trump
and his enablers.
Congressman Adam Schiff,
candidate for Senate
in the great state of California.
Thank you so much for
being here this morning.
Thanks, Dana.